UI Docs update (#269)
space-wizards/docs: src/en/robust-toolbox/user-interface/containers.md

# Container Controls

Container is type of control that dictates the layout of
other controls. Containers logic affect directly only direct child controls.
Containers usually arrange child controls every frame by collecting desired size
of controls (call to `Measure` method on children) and then providing them with

> size that they can afford (call to `Arrange` method on children), and placing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the size that they can afford by calling the `Arrange` method on them.
```

> them (`ArrangeOverride`) at needed coordinates after all calculations were

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After calculation the desired and afforded sizes of its children the container can override the child components coordinates if needed.
```

> accounted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other controls. The containers logic only affects direct child controls.
Containers usually arrange child controls every frame by collecting their desired size by calling the `Measure` method on them and then providing them with the size that they can afford by calling the `Arrange` method on them.
After calculation the desired and afforded sizes of its children the container can override the child components coordinates if needed.
```
